E2E open-sourced (#20429)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: tests/e2e_tests/README.md

# End-to-end Tests User Documentation
This folder contains a code to run end-to-end validation of OpenVINO on real models of different frameworks (PyTorch, TensorFlow, and ONNX)

The documentation provides necessary information about environment setup for e2e validation run, adding new model to the validation, and instructions to launch validation.

> The following steps assume that your current working directory is:
> `tests/e2e_tests`

### Environment preparation:
   * Install Python modules required for tests:
       ```bash
       pip3 install -r requirements.txt 
       ```
     
### Add model from TensorFlow Hub repo to end-to-end validation:
To add new test for model from TF Hub repo just add new line into pipelines/production/tf_hub/precommit.yml

> This line should contain: model name, and its link to download. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This line should contain comma separated model name and its link
```

```

> my_model_name,https://www.example.com/model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
movenet/singlepose/lightning,https://www.kaggle.com/models/google/movenet/frameworks/tensorFlow2/variations/singlepose-lightning/versions/4
```

```

### Main entry-point 

There is one main testing entry-point which is responsible for test run - test_base.py. This script performs the
following actions:
1. Loads model from its source 
2. Infers original model through framework
3. Converts original model through OVC convert model
4. Infers converted model through OpenVINO
5. Provides results of element-wise comparison of framework and OpenVINO inference

#### Launch tests

> Module [test_base.py](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/tree/master/tests/e2e_tests/test_base.py) is main entry-point to run E2E OSS tests.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[test_base.py](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/tree/master/tests/e2e_tests/test_base.py) is main script to run end-to-end tests.
```
